Requirements
============
Produce a program that calculates the SHA-512 hash of a collection of files and write the output to disk.

1. Takes one program argument, `input`, which is a directory of files.
2. The `input` directory contains either subdirectories or files.
3. Hash the input directory using the specified algorithm:


Hash Algorithm
===============
Assume the hash function is SHA-512. Specifically, hash("hello world") will be `309ecc...`

. The hash of a file is a hash of its contents then hexed encoded. For example. hash of `input/bar/fileA.dat`
will be `af371785c4fe...`

. The hash of a directory is generated by hashing each file or subdirectory in alphabetical order, then
concatenating the hashed value, then applying SHA-512 hash to the results.

. The hash results of the included `input` directory will be:

```
input          6dd415b8f89a52dd3ce277946150f1df6ea98a89296d0574db69b1fbc4d0aade51abba041529309abfbf07897808edb31a4a6b73a9b7c79fce20476062f6288a
  bar          6ef01eac687a58a3b28d924f3fa0641b7629356dfca436beb457424d649d4a64faf60b228c3738a3c75da49052264c92135f8aa296cdaad0d4800a7496f88e62
    fileA.dat  af371785c4fecf30acdd648a7d4d649901eeb67536206a9f517768f0851c0a06616f724b2a194e7bc0a762636c55fc34e0fcaf32f1e852682b2b07a9d7b7a9f9
    fileB.dat  46868d0a185e942d2fd15739b60096feab4ccdc99139cca4c9db82325606115c8803a6bffe37d6e54c791330add6e1fc861bfa79399f01cc88eed3fcedce13d4
    fileC.dat  c1e42aa0c8908c9c3d49879a4fc04a59a755735418ddc3a200e911673da188bf46f67818972eac54b38422895391c82b2b0e0cf34aea9468c3ad73c2d0ffa912
  faz          9f0c752149eb2699f077215798e03f16837ec85fda55a57efeee6480e8ee43971092deec7ff553476d53f0760d637d41b2c31be2b4ef55614ab5d17ab0f8f6dc
    fileD.dat  9dd88c920d86ac24112eb692e87b047bb6e69cd413593b009af62a29a71daa68f094dd3340976ae9b8e5d8e5d66d964179409c049103f91f3ccba80d9de63b7a
    fileE.dat  40c9964826072dbebe00ea99db34a8c8268088738de8d2a9c02743d0eed36a018adf122bacd789cc569ba2f5f54c75191683e3f252486bf71a5824ae99e20017
```

Note that the hash of `faz` is hash("9dd88c920...40c9964..."), a concatenation of hash(fileD.dat) + hash(fileE.dat).


Assume your program will need to process millions of files and the file system has unpredictable IO latency. How would you efficiently
process all the files?


Keep the Following In Mind
--------------------------
1. The code does not need to be perfect, but it needs to be: 
    - Properly organized and documented.
    - Runnable from the command line of an Unix-like system.
    - Demonstrate qualities of reliable and easy to maintain code.
    - Generate the correct hash for each of the included file and directories.
2. Test cases are expected. We rely heavily on tests, so good tests are important to us.
3. You can use any programming language, though a JVM based language is preferred.
4. You can use 3rd party libraries when reasonable. We can't evalute your work if a library solves the entire problem for you.
5. Document how to run the program in a file named RUNME.txt 
    - Assume a Unix-like OS such as Linux, BSD, or OS X
    - The exact commands used to build the program
    - The exact commands used to run unit tests
    - The exact commands used to execute the program
6. Be prepared to discuss your solution, choices, and tradeoffs.
